"Two Brothers"
Galliard!
Founding Titan hit! It stopped moving!
Good! Put another in the Beast!
Don't let 'em shoot!
Would you piss off already?!
The Cart Titan! We've gotta
deal with her first!
Armin!
They're in the houses!
Fall back! This way's no good!
We've gotta take out these soldiers.
Yeah.
Wrap around!
Let's get behind 'em!
He's got the right idea.
We can't fight them head-on.
Let's sneak behind 'em.
I fell... to the ground.
Was I... shot?
Eren...
Get up, Porco!
Find the strength, Galliard!
I'm sorry. Reiner, I'm sorry.
You were never meant
to be chosen as a Warrior.
I talked you up and criticized
my brother to influence their decision.
I... just wanted to protect my brother.
General Magath!
Zeke... is still alive?!
It's time to summon the Titans.
Wait!
Falco got some spinal fluid in his mouth!
Please don't scream, Zeke!
What... was that?
I'm inheriting the Beast to keep my
family from being sent to paradise!
--Let go, Colt! Colt!
--To be honest,
I rarely understood you,
even before you betrayed us!
But I don't think you're someone
who'd drag kids into this!
I'm not saying you should just
lie down and die!
But wait till Falco's
out of range of your scream!
After that, slaughter away! Kill as many
Eldians and Marleyans as you want!
Just don't drag my brother into this!
Falco! Hop on!
Stay back, Gabi!
Colt...
Only too well do I understand
the feelings for one's brother.
Zeke...
So...
It's a shame.
--Get away from me, Colt!
--It's okay, Falco!
I'm here for you!
What the--?
The enemy... turned into Titans?
Quick! The Anti-Titan cannons!
Get him, Falco.
Colt...?
Falco...?
I can't fight both of 'em.
Eren will get away.
The one to end Falco...
...is... me?
Eren!
Falco! My nape!
He's a goner this time;
I'm sure of it. Crisis averted.
Shit, guys! Is anyone alive?!
That leaves the Founding Titan.
We've got no need for your head--
just your spinal fluid!
We were too slow.
Bring him down!
It's over! It's over for you guys!
It's over...?
Eren can't use the Founding Titan's
power now. We fulfilled our duty.
I can just let it happen now, right?
Once I undo the hardening
on my nape, I'm done...
The one who will inherit the Armor...
...is Falco.
I'm all out of power to heal my body.
But I ain't dying for nothing.
I saw my brother's memories.
He fooled the military to make your
lousy ass a Warrior--to protect me.
Wait... No!
Porco!
There's no denying it now.
I was always better than you.
Huh?
Galliard...?
Could he be...?!
Glad you noticed, Eren.
Imitating Pieck and pretending
to be dead worked perfectly.
We're so close!
Come on, Eren!
"Information Available for Public Disclosure"
"Scream"
"Eldians who have ingested Zeke Jaeger's spinal fluid transform into Pure Titans from his 'scream.' Losing their own will, these Titans obey Zeke regardless of who they are or their lives before."
First of all, thanks for coming
here to talk with me.
My stance is exactly what
Yelena told you.
Do you support the
Eldian euthanization plan?
Four years ago, some of Dad's
memories opened up to me--
memories of when he slaughtered
the wall's royal family.
He crushed their little kids
and smeared them like bugs.
I felt it, too.
If those kids lived, the royal family
would retake the Founding Titan.
Bound by the vow renouncing war,
humanity in the walls would be doomed.
Those kids dying is what let us live.
I see. So you believe
that Father was right?
No, he was wrong.
And I, the son that he raised,
was wrong, too.
If Eldians hadn't been born, this city--
these people wouldn't have to die
in this plan of ours.
There's no greater salvation
than never being born in this world.
I'll do it. I'll put an end
to 2,000 years of Titan domination.
Until then, I keep moving forward.
Right, Brother?
Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Let's do it.
I wish I could shake your hand, but it's
best that we don't make contact just yet.
So instead, take this.
Eren, we're gonna save everyone.
I dropped it.
Hospital life must've made me sluggish.
This is...?
The Coordinate where all Paths
converge, I believe.
Those who use the Founding Titan's
power must come here.
Those with royal blood, that is.
Brother...
The wait's been exhausting, Eren.
It feels like I've been waiting years
for you to recover and wake up.
Years... have passed?
I'm not sure. Here, everything
happens in an instant.
Your head was blown off by Gabi,
but you made contact with me
before you passed on.
We succeeded. We obtained
the power of the Founding Titan.
Someone's here.
Don't worry, that's... the Founder Ymir.
The Founder Ymir? How do you know?
Who else but the Founder Ymir would be
wandering around in a place like this?
At one time, she rebuilt my body with
this earth and brought me back to life.
I imagine this is where
she makes Titans...
Expending untold years whenever
we seek the Power of the Titans.
All alone here... Forever...
Eren, command the Founder Ymir.
The time has come to fulfill our dream.
Those chains...
Finally noticed them, have you?
I appreciate your concern.
They're to restrict my freedom.
It's the vow renouncing war.
As I thought, only you
can move freely here.
Only you can command
the Founder Ymir...
To fulfill my, Mr. Ksaver's, and your
dream. Please, save the world.
Eren...
Tell her to make Eldians unable
to bear children till the end of time.
Crushing the military with
the rumbling can come later.
Euthanize every last Eldian...
Eren...?
There's no way in hell I'd go along
with such a messed up plan.
Sorry, Brother. I was only playing
along in order to get here.
As long as Eldians exist,
this hell will never end!
If you don't go through with it,
the bloodshed will never stop!
All we've been through
will just cycle for eternity!
Why, Eren?! Answer me!
Because I was born in this world.
Founder Ymir, lend me your power.
I thought as much, Eren.
I hoped, if anyone, you would understand.
Is this the result of Father's
brainwashing again?!
What... does this mean?
In the time it took for you
to wake up, I learned many things.
The Founder can make anything,
even these earthen chains.
As long as I, with royal blood, wills it.
Unlike the Kings of the walls,
I'm here without being tainted
by the First King's ideals.
And in the mind-numbing time
I spent with the Founder,
I managed to nullify
the vow renouncing war.
Though possessing tremendous power,
the Founder is a slave
with no will of her own.
She believes those with royal blood
are her masters and obeys them.
I've obtained the Founder's power.
Impossible.
You were no more than the key, Eren.
I'm glad I waited to hear
your true feelings.
It's not your fault.
You and I are tragic victims
born by that vile father.
But I had another father who saved me.
You need somebody to save you, too.
I will never abandon you.
I'll fix you with the Founder's power!
Stop. It's pointless.
When I save the world, it'll be with you!
Although rejected, the older brother
doesn't abandon the younger.
In the place where they end up,
the brothers learn the truth.
Next episode: "Memories of the Future."
"Memories of the Future"